# 2Rx datasets

This archive includes the datasets used in the evaluation of the refactoring tool 2Rx. The refactoring approach is described in the paper

> "Automated Refactoring to Reactive Programming", Mirko Köhler, Guido Salvaneschi, ASE 2019

In the following, we describe the content of the provided datasets. For more information about the datasets, please refer to the paper.


## Global dataset

The global dataset contains a .csv-file for each asynchronous construct that was examined in the paper. The .csv-file lists all GitHub projects containing that construct. The projects have been gathered using a snapshot of GitHub repositories from 2015 and Boa (http://boa.cs.iastate.edu/). The following information about the projects is available:

* id : An internal identifier of the project
* numberOfRefs : Number of how often a construct has been referenced, e.g., as import or type.
* buildTools : A list of build tools that are available for the project. The elements of the list are separated by |.
* projectUrls : URL to the GitHub repository of the project.
* projectNames : The name of the project (including the name of the author).
* revisionCommit : The hash of the commit that was included in the 2015 dataset of Boa.
* numberOfASTs : The number of nodes in the AST of the project. The AST is generated by Boa.
* stars : The stars of the GitHub project as of June 2017.



## Refactoring datasets

We provide refactoring datasets for the two asynchronous constructs that are refactored by 2Rx. We provide two folders, on for the projects that have been used for evaluation of the Future refactoring and one for the Swingworker refactoring.

The projects are git clones of the remote repositories checked out at the 2015 version used in the Boa analysis.

These projects were used in our evaluation and for testing the refactoring tool. The project included are in the version from 2015, as this version was provided by Boa.

The licenses of the projects allow this form of redistribution, and are available in their respective project folder.
